now Jericho was securely shut up because
now Jericho was securely shut up because of the children of Israel none went out
of the children of Israel none went out
of the children of Israel none went out and none came in and the Lord said to
and none came in and the Lord said to
and none came in and the Lord said to Joshua see I have given Jericho into
Joshua see I have given Jericho into
Joshua see I have given Jericho into your hand
your hand
your hand it's king and the mighty men of valor
it's king and the mighty men of valor
it's king and the mighty men of valor you shall march around the city all you
you shall march around the city all you
you shall march around the city all you men of war
men of war
men of war you shall go all around the city once
you shall go all around the city once
you shall go all around the city once this you shall do six days and seven
this you shall do six days and seven
this you shall do six days and seven priests shall bear seven trumpets of
priests shall bear seven trumpets of
priests shall bear seven trumpets of rams horns before the ark but the
rams horns before the ark but the
rams horns before the ark but the seventh day you shall march around the
seventh day you shall march around the
seventh day you shall march around the city seven times and the priests shall
city seven times and the priests shall
city seven times and the priests shall blow the trumpets it shall come to pass
blow the trumpets it shall come to pass
blow the trumpets it shall come to pass when they make a long blast with the
when they make a long blast with the
when they make a long blast with the ram's horn and when you hear the sound
ram's horn and when you hear the sound
ram's horn and when you hear the sound of the trumpet that all the people shall
of the trumpet that all the people shall
of the trumpet that all the people shall shop with a great shout then the wall of
shop with a great shout then the wall of
shop with a great shout then the wall of the city will fall down flat and the
the city will fall down flat and the
the city will fall down flat and the people shall go up every man straight
people shall go up every man straight
people shall go up every man straight before
then Joshua the son of nun called the
then Joshua the son of nun called the priests and said to them take up the Ark
priests and said to them take up the Ark
priests and said to them take up the Ark of the Covenant and let seven priests
of the Covenant and let seven priests
of the Covenant and let seven priests bear seven trumpets of rams horns before
bear seven trumpets of rams horns before
bear seven trumpets of rams horns before the Ark of the Lord and he said to the
the Ark of the Lord and he said to the
the Ark of the Lord and he said to the people proceed and march around the city
people proceed and march around the city
people proceed and march around the city and let him who is armed advance before
and let him who is armed advance before
and let him who is armed advance before the Ark of the Lord so it was when
the Ark of the Lord so it was when
the Ark of the Lord so it was when Joshua had spoken to the people that the
Joshua had spoken to the people that the
Joshua had spoken to the people that the seven priests bearing the seven trumpets
seven priests bearing the seven trumpets
seven priests bearing the seven trumpets of rams horns before the Lord advanced
of rams horns before the Lord advanced
of rams horns before the Lord advanced and blew the trumpets and the Ark of the
and blew the trumpets and the Ark of the
and blew the trumpets and the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord followed the armed
Covenant of the Lord followed the armed
Covenant of the Lord followed the armed men went before the priests who blew the
men went before the priests who blew the
men went before the priests who blew the trumpets and the rear guard came after
trumpets and the rear guard came after
trumpets and the rear guard came after the ark while the priest continued
the ark while the priest continued
the ark while the priest continued blowing the trumpets
now Joshua had commanded the people you
now Joshua had commanded the people you shall not shout or make any noise with
shall not shout or make any noise with
shall not shout or make any noise with your voice nor shall a word proceed out
your voice nor shall a word proceed out
your voice nor shall a word proceed out of your mouth until the day I say to you
of your mouth until the day I say to you
of your mouth until the day I say to you shout
shout
shout then you shall shout so he had the Ark
then you shall shout so he had the Ark
then you shall shout so he had the Ark of the Lord
of the Lord
of the Lord Circle the city going around at once and
Circle the city going around at once and
Circle the city going around at once and they came into the camp and launched in
they came into the camp and launched in
they came into the camp and launched in the camp and Joshua arose early in the
the camp and Joshua arose early in the
the camp and Joshua arose early in the morning and the priests took up the Ark
morning and the priests took up the Ark
morning and the priests took up the Ark of the Lord then seven trees bearing
of the Lord then seven trees bearing
of the Lord then seven trees bearing seven trumpets of rams horns before the
seven trumpets of rams horns before the
seven trumpets of rams horns before the Ark of the Lord went on continually and
Ark of the Lord went on continually and
Ark of the Lord went on continually and blue with the trumpets and the armed man
blue with the trumpets and the armed man
blue with the trumpets and the armed man went before
went before
went before but the rear guard came after the Ark of
but the rear guard came after the Ark of
but the rear guard came after the Ark of the Lord while the priests continued
the Lord while the priests continued
the Lord while the priests continued blowing the trumpets and the secondly
blowing the trumpets and the secondly
blowing the trumpets and the secondly they marched around the city once and
they marched around the city once and
they marched around the city once and returned to the camp so they did six
returned to the camp so they did six
returned to the camp so they did six days but it came to pass on seventh day
days but it came to pass on seventh day
days but it came to pass on seventh day that they rose early about the dawning
that they rose early about the dawning
that they rose early about the dawning of the day and marched around the city
of the day and marched around the city
of the day and marched around the city seven times in the same manner on that
seven times in the same manner on that
seven times in the same manner on that day only they marched around the city
day only they marched around the city
day only they marched around the city seven times and the seventh time it
seven times and the seventh time it
seven times and the seventh time it happened when the priests blew the
happened when the priests blew the
happened when the priests blew the trumpets but Joshua said to the people
the city now the city shall be doomed by
the city now the city shall be doomed by the Lord to destruction it and all who
the Lord to destruction it and all who
the Lord to destruction it and all who are in it only right have the harlot
are in it only right have the harlot
are in it only right have the harlot shall live she had all who are with her
shall live she had all who are with her
shall live she had all who are with her in the house because she hid the
in the house because she hid the
in the house because she hid the messengers that we sent and you by all
messengers that we sent and you by all
messengers that we sent and you by all means abstain from the accursed things
means abstain from the accursed things
means abstain from the accursed things lest you become a cursed when you take
lest you become a cursed when you take
lest you become a cursed when you take of the accursed things and make the camp
of the accursed things and make the camp
of the accursed things and make the camp of Israel a curse and trouble it but all
of Israel a curse and trouble it but all
of Israel a curse and trouble it but all the silver and gold and vessels of
the silver and gold and vessels of
the silver and gold and vessels of bronze and iron are consecrated to the
bronze and iron are consecrated to the
bronze and iron are consecrated to the Lord they shall come into the Treasury
Lord they shall come into the Treasury
Lord they shall come into the Treasury of the Lord so the people shouted when
of the Lord so the people shouted when
of the Lord so the people shouted when the priests blew the
the priests blew the
the priests blew the trumpets and it happened when the people
trumpets and it happened when the people
trumpets and it happened when the people heard the sound of the trumpet and the
heard the sound of the trumpet and the
heard the sound of the trumpet and the people shouted with great shout that the
people shouted with great shout that the
people shouted with great shout that the wall fell down
then the people they found into the city
then the people they found into the city every man straight before him and
every man straight before him and
every man straight before him and they've turned to see and they utterly
they've turned to see and they utterly
they've turned to see and they utterly destroy all that was in the city of man
destroy all that was in the city of man
destroy all that was in the city of man and woman young and old ox and sheep and
and woman young and old ox and sheep and
and woman young and old ox and sheep and donkey with the edge of the soul but
donkey with the edge of the soul but
donkey with the edge of the soul but Joshua had said to the two men who had
Joshua had said to the two men who had
Joshua had said to the two men who had spied out the country go into the
spied out the country go into the
spied out the country go into the harlots house and from there bring out
harlots house and from there bring out
harlots house and from there bring out the woman and all that she has as you
the woman and all that she has as you
the woman and all that she has as you swore to her and the young man who had
swore to her and the young man who had
swore to her and the young man who had been spies went in and brought out ray
been spies went in and brought out ray
been spies went in and brought out ray and her father her mother her brothers
and her father her mother her brothers
and her father her mother her brothers and all that she had so they brought out
and all that she had so they brought out
and all that she had so they brought out all her relatives and left them outside
all her relatives and left them outside
all her relatives and left them outside the camp of Israel but they burned the
the camp of Israel but they burned the
the camp of Israel but they burned the city for all that was in it to fire only
city for all that was in it to fire only
city for all that was in it to fire only the silver and gold and the vessels of
the silver and gold and the vessels of
the silver and gold and the vessels of bronze and iron they put into the
bronze and iron they put into the
bronze and iron they put into the Treasury of the house of the law and
Treasury of the house of the law and
Treasury of the house of the law and Joshua's spared Rahab the harlot her
Joshua's spared Rahab the harlot her
Joshua's spared Rahab the harlot her father's household and all that she had
father's household and all that she had
father's household and all that she had so she dwells in Israel to this day
so she dwells in Israel to this day
so she dwells in Israel to this day because she hid the messengers whom
because she hid the messengers whom
because she hid the messengers whom Joshua sent to spy out Jericho then
Joshua sent to spy out Jericho then
Joshua sent to spy out Jericho then Joshua charged them at that time cursed
Joshua charged them at that time cursed
Joshua charged them at that time cursed be the man before the Lord who rises up
be the man before the Lord who rises up
be the man before the Lord who rises up and builds this city Jericho he shall
and builds this city Jericho he shall
and builds this city Jericho he shall lay its foundation with his firstborn
lay its foundation with his firstborn
lay its foundation with his firstborn and with his youngest he shall set up
and with his youngest he shall set up
and with his youngest he shall set up its gifts
its gifts
its gifts the Lord was with Joshua and his fame
the Lord was with Joshua and his fame
the Lord was with Joshua and his fame spread throughout all the country